Update Installation Instructions (#77)
semanticarts/ontology-toolkit: README.md

## Installation

## Easy Install 

> For the simplest installation use `pip install onto-tool`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install the most recent released version of the toolkit use `pip install onto-tool`. 
```

## Development Install

> Clone this repo, and navigate to the installed directory. 
> 
> To install the toolkit, run `pip install .` (not the dot at the end of the command!) from the root directory, which

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To experiment with unreleased features currently in development, clone this repo and navigate to the installed directory.  Run `python -m setup install`, which
```

## Installation

## Easy Install 

To install the most recent released version of the toolkit use `pip install onto-tool`. 

## Development Install

> To experiment with unreleased features currently in development, clone this repo and navigate to the installed directory.  Run `python -m setup install`, which

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To experiment with unreleased features currently in development, clone this repo and navigate to the root directory.  Run `python -m setup install`, which
```
